Magecloud 5091: Update devdocs documentation with changes in MAGECLOUD-2880 (#6820)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/project-webint-snap.md

 {:.bs-callout-info}

> -  Before creating dump the command will put the application in maintenance mode. Also, command stops all crons and kill all running consumers and crons.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Before creating a dump, the command switches the application to maintenance mode and stops all crons, which terminates all running consumers and cron jobs.   
```

-  This command creates an archive file for each database backup with the file name pattern `dump-<label><timestamp>.sql.gz` where  _label_ is replaced with the database name.  The archive files are saved to your remote project directory, and the path to each file is listed in the command output.

> -  If an error occurs during the dump, the command deletes any dump files to conserve disk space. Review the logs for details (`var/log/cloud.log`).

Reviewer: If the dump fails, do you have to do something about switching back to production mode and restarting cron processes?

Author: Yes, in case of fail command will switch back application to production and start crons.

> -  In the end the command will remove the flag about maintenance mode and will re-enable cron processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  After the dump operation completes, the command switches the application back to production mode and re-enables cron processes.
```
